docs: update docs to reference cooldown feature (#121)
hashicorp/nomad-autoscaler: docs/policy/README.md

 * `source` - The APM plugin that should handle the metric query. If omitted, this defaults to using the Nomad APM. 
 * `query` - The query to run against the specified APM. Currently this query should return a single value.
 * `evaluation_interval` - Defines how often the policy is evaluated by the Autoscaler. It should be provided as a duration (i.e.: `"5s"`, `"1m"` etc). If omitted the configuration value `scan_interval` from the agent will be used.

>  * `cooldown` - A time interval after a scaling action during which no additional scaling is permitted on the resource. It should be provided as a duration (i.e.: `"5s"`, `"1m"` etc). If omitted the configuration value `policy.default_cooldown` from the agent will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cooldown` - A time interval after a scaling action during which no additional scaling will be performed on the resource. It should be provided as a duration (i.e.: `"5s"`, `"1m"` etc). If omitted the configuration value `policy.default_cooldown` from the agent will be used.
```

Reviewer: "will be permitted" suggests that Nomad will prevent scaling actions.

Author: Good shout.
